---
title: Pacific Day 19
description: On the 9th day
date: 2026-04-19T00:00:00.000Z
tags: pacific
comments:
  - author: Brett
    date: '2026-04-21T05:26:42.814Z'
    text: 'Sarah, from what I can read, it sounds like you are TOTALLY out of Zucchini! Did the booby steal it or did Dirk eat it all in a heat delirium?'
---

Hello family and friends! 

Since I last wrote, we've had a week filled with sun and high humidity punctuated by several squalls a day. 

We've barely seen a boat on the radar since we passed through the massively large Chinese squid fishing fleet.

We've had a lot of back and forth trying to decide our destination in French Polynesia (Marquesas vs Gambier) but I think the final decision is the Marquesas. We reserve the right to change our minds.

That means we're headed more west for this last stretch compared to the zigzagging we've done up until this point (trying to push wind angles, avoid currents, and avoid storms). 

We're probably about 7-11 days out from our destination!

We've got more of a rhythm down and everyone has finally caught up on some sleep in the last week. We even had a couple calmer moments to play cards on deck (without losing a single card to the wind!). 

When I say calmer moments, I mean weather wise, not crew wise. Hearts is a card game taken very seriously aboard this boat. Who knows what will happen if we get around to playing cribbage!

Other moments of excitement, albeit far less enjoyable, were finding a cockroach on board. This led to a very extensive cupboard cleaning, provision rearrangement, and creativity in setting traps with what we have onboard in order to avoid a full on infestation. Ah the glamours of boatlife.

One of our two resident red footed boobies, Millie Booby Brown, flew the nest a couple days ago while Mittens remains solidly loyal to the bow of our boat. She occasionally tries to creep further aft on the boat but we try and enforce firm boundaries and we mostly seem to have come to a territory understanding.

We still have a number of fruits and vegetables onboard, 3 weeks in! The winners in the fruit category include grapefruits, oranges, apples, and kiwis. For vegetables, jicama, bok choy, sugar snap peas, and zucchini have been doing great amidst the expected potatoes, cabbage, onions, and carrots. In fact I think we may arrive with a number of uneaten fruits/veggies which is wild after a month at sea.

We've enjoyed some JoJos cooked stovetop (parboiled first, then painstakingly panfried on all 3 sides). Served with a sort of bunless deconstructed burger. We had fried ham and pancakes for dinner. Chelsea made a delicious tuna noodle casserole with nutritional yeast. Dirk made yam and garbanzo coconut curry with rice. We also had a pretty impressive charcuterie.

All in all, with finding a rhythm on the boat this last week, we've been eating pretty well.

Current onion count: 16 

I think we need to start eating more onions.
