---
title: Dead Karl
description: 'Sort of like Taxi Driver, but with less deaths'
date: 2026-03-17T00:00:00.000Z
tags: null
unlisted: true
comments:
  - author: Sierra
    date: '2026-03-20T04:33:18.352Z'
    text: Maybe the collisions are a strategic way to acquire new car parts for frankencar!!
---

Dead Karls days were numbered. Not in the sense that all our days are numbered, but in a very immediate fashion.

He wore a single knitted, fingerless glove, black with gray stripes. Dead Karl spoke some English, but mostly his body could only hack. He pointed out the military school on our drive, and he had good friends. At the taxi stand we walked past Dead Karl and his car, which was clearly many, many cars clobbered together from countless sacrifices at the altar of what we would find was a complete lack of actual driving skill. One poor motorcyclist likely lost a side mirror on our drive. Another of Dead Karls sacrifices. 

But he had friends. The other drivers refused to take us and only gestured at Dead Karl. I tried to show him our destination on a map, but Dead Karl only had his laminated placard of tourist destinations one could point to. The other drivers coalesced around us and with many words and , hopefully imparting the way to our destination to Dead Karl. But it was extremely difficult to say. 

After a haggling session on price, we agreed to the exorbitant fare partially out of sympathy. But we did not want to die with Dead Karl. 

And then, for a tantalizingly glorious window, it seemed the many gods of travel, many with multiple heads no doubt, looked benevolently upon us. Dead Karl's car wouldn’t start. Once again his friends gathered round with advice and the sound of an almost dead battery refusing to turn over the engine could be heard. Again. And again. But then the many, some multiple-headed travel gods turned their backs upon us and shown their light upon Dead Karl. The car started. 

Friends, I do not know how Dead Karl was still alive last we saw him. And I daren’t consider the body count he’s left in his wake. How he ever acquired a car to begin with, and how he gets enough business to reforge the poor vehicle after every drive I shall never know (for it is entirely certain Dead Karl has never driven even a block in his life without hitting something or someone or someones).

So to you Dead Karl, and the many, some multi-headed, travel gods, we offer our sincerest thanks. We survived.

But Dead Karl and his ever-hacking, rasping lungs, well they are not long for this world. But godspeed Dead Karl. May your final journeys spare the innocent and may you go out in a blaze of glory, with your fellow cab drivers shouting their appreciation, until their hoarseness makes them sound just a little bit like you, Dead Karl. 
