---
title: Dengue Dirk
description: A touch of the Dengue
date: 2026-03-17T00:00:00.000Z
tags: null
unlisted: true
comments:
  - author: Redd the Dog
    date: '2026-03-18T17:23:57.684Z'
    text: I haff also conducted lengthy experimenting with eating and the speed at which they lead to pooping and technicolour yawning (aka vomiting). Best fun!
  - author: Sierra
    date: '2026-03-20T04:31:41.453Z'
    text: 'See this is what those influencer travel bloggers don’t tell you. Dirk is coming through with the gritty underbelly of the glamorous traveling lifestyle! Feel better soon:’)'
---

This is DJ Dengue Dirk reporting in from the beautiful bay here in La Paz, BCS. The palm trees are swaying and the bay is calm, and folks are gearing up for another beautiful sunset along the waterfront walkway.

Before we continue our broadcast I will note that young ones and those squeamish of bodily fluids should likely tune out.

So continuing on with our adult content, but not the sexy kind.... As for me, my dreams start and end with a pocket taco right now. Having come down with the Dengue, or some other virus, who knows, my vacation has been eating different foods and then seeing how fast I can poop them out. Apologies to the squeamish.

Now everyone likes to blame Mexico's water or chiles, but I'm pretty sure I acquired this fine disease in a pestilence tube, aka airplane. I'm not one for conspiracy theories, I leave that to Captain Jesse, but hear me out. Modern planes advertise they recycle all the air every 2-4 minutes or so. Imagine you order a lemonade, and the guy next to you takes a piss in your lemonade. But don't worry! In 2-4 minutes they'll filter your lemonade and it will be fine. This is an airplane people!

Apologies again, typing through the fever haze is a struggle. Where were we? Ooh, pocket taco! So the boat owners and captains, also family, but on the hierarchy of the seas they are captains, and I have been hired on as water boy, and my payment is passage to French Polynesia. I am extremely pleased with this arrangement, because _insert boat ownership joke here._ Anyway they invited me for a taco and/or drink. Sadly venturing too far from my room is the equivalent of playing Russian Roulette, but instead of my brains splattered across the sidewalk I poop myself and live with the eternal embarrassment of trying to waddle back with shit running down my legs, and then have to explain to the airbnb owners why I need a mop and bucket and rags. So I'm leaving them to the drinks. But, I did place an order for a smuggled pocket taco. Just one delicious taco, taken from any delicious eatery, and brought to my room. I don't know if it will happen, but a man can dream.

Well folks, that wraps up another sunny day here in La Paz, Baja California Sur. DJ Dengue Dirk wishes you and your families a wonderful evening. Wherever you are in the world, hope you're having a good one.
